Welcome to my head
name is franziska lukas today that
last video here from the cuxhaven
Stadtpark and although it is today again
around the hazelnut cake the five-piece cake
series again dense in the head as can
I mean control my thoughts
thinks get in the clear in the handle
pear will make me feel better and then
also decide
I would like to feel like that
to feel and probably want to
Do not feel bad for yourself
Lady with the hazelnut cake because she
her life again and again
has thought negatively by the media
has been programmed by the parents
through the drama in the world and it comes
automatically catastrophes thought high
my god what happens if i now
get an allergic shock because
I suddenly against
hazelnuts allergy spiders and we
have different possibilities this
to interrupt thoughts, respectively
to question that I repeat now
not again but today this
last video of the five-part series
it's about no resistance
Afford
that means for you they take the
thought was and does not fight them like
Otherwise but the ones you can accept
to say to oneself inside it is like that
It is also a very nice thought it is
is my gone
oh my god i'm not
allergic to hazelnuts it is only
a thought that again and again
internalize no resistance
because we know that resistance is more
cause a small resistance
experiment take something you
do not like and do not try
now imagine whatever
pink
we found yes with a long green
not imagine this elephant yes one
ends in zoology thoughts
suppression experiments that is not
works is proven
therefore sharing resistance is then
because I do not do this thought
drama from it and I let him and
Allowing does not mean that they are on
These thoughts are the focus
focus on it and more and more
to draw similar thoughts
For example , none is none
cap and then everything plays out
and the nearest hospital and stops
I do not mean that with thoughts
let's say okay the thought
I hope I do not get a shock
since I accept I do not do any
history from it no drama is let
that's what everyone pulls from this
five-part miniseries as they go public
to become head and think so to wear
more resistance you have all the more
Resistance will show the life and
the more thoughts of the same
they will attract
Furthermore associative thinks of
Do not waste your number
valuable life for less
resistance or external build up and
to fight against what is but
take your thoughts as a kind
the programming was
Do not make any spotted out no
Drama does not promote your thoughts
By doing so, let your goal be good
as it is
That 's it, you practice a method first
one lies where you think yes that is
I 'm fine with that
and somehow learn it up here
a neural pathway has commanded
until it sits and that she does with it
dissolve kind of negative thoughts
can
Now I wish you still the
Endure the courage your usual comfort
not only leaving the zone every day
once
not just twice but as often as possible
and also look at www bösenkopf
There you will find many more
other videos of me like her before
become head with psychological
elements with elements from the
cognitive behavioral therapy and
other things
There, they learn their thoughts
to question and to recognize
to find alternatives until the next
have a nice time